"Chitose- time to wake up my little Songbird”

As Rose kissed my cheek I felt a warmness across my face as my eyes slowly opened to see her bright, smiling face look down at me "Ughhh, give me another hour Rose. please”

"Chitose, it's nearly 2 pm, remember the charity steam we have today?”

"Oh yeah.....wait, that’s today?”

"Sigh, It is, I'm going to make you breakfast, you better be awake when it's done”

"Understood.” is it really already 2 pm? I really shouldn’t have watched all those mouse videos late at night. better go wash my face and fix myself up.

My name is Chitose Songleaf, I am a high elf Vtuber living in the city of Hdolaon and live with my best friend......and my crush. us and one of our friends, a little fairy named August started a small fantasy-themed Vtubing group together. and for the last three years, our numbers slowly grew until we became a rising star in the Vtubing world, nowadays our streams easily get over 10k views and we have gotten lots of deals. Our fans love each of our different personalities: Rose playing up the seductive and playful nature of succubi, August’s carefree and caring ‘big sister’ energy, and my cheerful personality. although the last one isn’t entirely the truth-

“Ah, damn it, drop my toothbrush. sigh, always acting up at the most inconvenient times”

The truth is the personality I put up for my viewers is an act…..well most of it is, I do have an interest and like for music, animals, and boba, and the other interests I say I have on Steam. but I am not nearly as cheerful as I let on, in truth, I am a depressed introvert with chronic pain and EDS and need to drink energy drinks in order to keep focus and motivated. but no matter how sad I get my friends, and especially Rose is always there to cheer me up and give me a reason to keep going. (EDS stands for Ehlers-Danlos syndrome) 

Rose….my sweet and beautiful little succubus…….

“Chitose! your breakfast is ready!”

“Coming!” Ugh, nearly fell asleep daydreaming about Rose again. but how can I not? She has always been there for me; offering me a place to stay when I ran away from home, keeping me company when I was sad, always cooking my meals for me. not to mention her silky long blonde hair, soft light purple skin, her light blue eyes that shine like the sea at midday, and of course her large breasts that she lets me use as a pillow at night. and the highlight of my mornings, seeing her with her hair tied into a ponytail and wearing that green and dark blue checkerboard cooking dress I bought her.

“yawn….Good morning Bella, food smells good”

“Thanks, a steak with sliced carrots and apples”

“That sounds good” gods her soft smile melts my heart every time I see it, AHHHHH I love her so much. “So when is the charity steam again?”

“You already forgotten? it’s on Sunday”

“Wh-what! It Isn’t today Friday!? why did you say it was today?”

“Well I needed to get you out of bed somehow” 

“Hmph, I could still be asleep right now. dreaming of cute mice and sweetcakes”

“Hehehehe sorry my Songbird, but you have been sleeping the days away a lot lately. I’m starting to worry about you, you should be taking better care of yourself”

“I-I know, sigh, it’s just-” I always hate it when I make Rose worry, makes me feel like more of a burden than I already am. I wish I could just disappear and stop brotherin- ding! “Is that my phone?”

“Yup, what do you know? August wants to meet up with you at the Brewing Snake”

“August? why meet me in person on the other side of the city from where she lives? could’ve just texted me.” 

“Hehe, well you know August never liked talking to her friends via text”

“I guess…well it has been a minute since I went there huh? wonder how Rzyth is doing” 

"Kinda miss them too.....alright I'm going to go, been a while hence I had a freshly brewed coffee anyway”

“What? don’t like my coffee?”

“I-I’m saying that Bella!” why does my heart flatter every time she teases me? “Ok, I'm heading out Bella”

“Don’t forget your cane Chit!”

“Oh right.” Ever since I could remember I needed a cane, being bone with EDS met the bones in my legs broke down. so even as a child, I needed the support of a cane to go anyway outside my house. “See you later Rose”

“See ya”

Cane or no cane, I have always loved going on walks, despite that I mostly only go out to hang out with my friends or go to events. Ahh I have missed the sweet early summer breeze and sunshine, come to think of it, how long has it been since me, August, and Rose all went to the beach together? I should invite Rose to go on walks with me, maybe I can even build up the courage to-  no, I can’t do that, at least not until I know how Rose feels. Man, how long has it been since I went to this place? I should make it up to Rzyth someho-

“AH”

“Woah, are you ok miss?”

“I-I’m fine thanks. just my chronic pain acting up again” This is why I don’t like going out, I already feel like such a burden to all my friends. being a burden to people I don’t even know makes me feel worse.

‘Chitosssse? it’s been sssso long! How have you been?

“Rzyth! I know, I know. My life has just been a little busy lately, how’s business?”

“Bussinessss has been a little ssslow but you know I enjoy it, how isss Rose?”

“Rose is doing good, and I, well-” No, I can’t tell them, they probably tell Rose “Well that and we got a charity steam coming up on Sunday!

“Charity Sssteam? That’sss wonderful! By the way, guessing you are here to see Augussst?”

“I am! She sent me a text to meet her up here”

“I see, she is sssiting on the second floor at the back”

“Thanks, Rzyth! if you ever need a part-time worker let me know, have been wanting to build up my maid skills!”

“Understood”

Was never one for all the young adults going to cafes to work on their weird fanfics but I do love that smell of freshly brewed coffee, now where is-

“chit! I’m over here!” I recognize that little cheerful voice any day, my and Rose’s sweet little Chestnut. her long chestnut brown hair, cute brown dress, and her adorable little glasses.

“August! Why did you go all the way over to Lumian Square to hang out? surely it’s not just to get a cup of coffee”

“Haha, cleaver as always Chit!"

“I personality wouldn’t classify myself as ‘cleaver’” 

“You are way smarter then you give yourself credit for Chit, well that, and a lot of other things”

I barely noticed that last part under the sound of her sipping her drink “what does that mean?”

“Sigh…I am worried for you Chitose, well me and Rose, she is just too nice to tell you outright” Of course they are worried about me…….they always are, having to deal with the sad burden of an elf I am

“I’m fine August, ju-just been tired recency”

“and you don’t think that’s part of the problem? I mean, according to Rose, you have been staying up until 4 am and being asleep until 5 pm. Rose has to physically drag you out of bed. not to mention you wouldn’t that cheerful or energetic when we went to that pet store last week. which is odd considering you and Rose have been planning on adopting a mouse for a while right?”

“I-I, Sigh, your right” Always hate it when they won’t just leave things be

“Well you are in luck my little elf!”

“Why’s that?”

“Cuz mommy went to the bank…..well specify a love hotel. got you a couple of coupons for the Silver Caress”

“Th-the Silver Caress!? Love hotel!? what are you doing August?”

“Giving you a chance for some that sweet love and care”

“Do I look like the type of person to go to a brothel? or a love hotel at that matter?” I can’t believe August sometimes, but even this is a bit extra, tho considering how open she is about going to brothels herself can’t I’m surprised she would try to get me or Rose to go to one

“Listen Chitose, I know it sounds weird but you can use it, The Silver Caress is a great place to unwind and relax-”

“Unwind and relax by having sex with random people” I said with a hint of sarcasm

“I mean yeah? Give it a try at least, it’s like trying out food, if you don’t like it then you can just move on with your life”

Hmph “Last I checked food at a restaurant doesn’t make you lose your virginity”

“That’s true, but come on Chitose, do it as least for me and Rose. Who knows, you may even find a girlfriend there”

I already know who I want as a girlfriend, Sigh “Alright fine, I’ll humor you”

“Let’s go!” Don’t get too excited August

2 hours later…..I can’t believe I actually agreed to this, uggggh, how am I going to explain it to Rose? Well since August goes to these sorts of places and is open about it Rose probably wouldn’t mind…..probably will just tease me about it. Create account……hm? some information about myself? Well….I like music, animals….specifically rodents and mice, games, manga, boba. I don’t like spicy food, milkshakes, I have chronic pain, EDS, and Acrophobia. Wait, what is- I just blankly stared at the screen when I noticed it. (Acrophobia is the fear of heights)

are you a top, bottom, or a switch? 

What kind of question is that?! Well, I guess it is a love hotel, this sort of question is to be expected. Whatever, Rose always told me I Am a ‘mega bottom’ so I guess a bottom I am. That’s neat…..the site filter all the Prostitutes for ones that most closely reflect the information the site wanted from me. I just all that is left is to pick one.

shivers

You own me big time for this August! Wait, who is this? 

Name: Sofia Asmel, race: Luminare, age: 2.670, gender: lesbian, pronouns: she/her, height: 6;5, cup size: E, likes: flowers, cooking, milkshakes, dislikes: spicy food, spiders.

Sh-She is beautiful! those wings, her light blue skin, and light purple hair…….she reminds me of Rose. Well guess all I need to do now is set up a reservation, Guess I should use the coupons August gave me…..Hmm, 15% an overnight stay.

click

Wa-wait!? Did I just clicked the button without thinking!? Sigh, guess there is no going back now. The time I picked is for tomorrow at 7 pm. At least I have a full day to mentally prepare for this.

Tomorrow: Well here I am….Tor Barur, the famous red-light district of Hdolaon. It’s just one night Chitose, don’t worry. Actually, come to think of it Isn’t she running late? I set the reservation for 20 minutes before now.

“Sorry for making you wait, I am Sofia Asmel, Let’s have a good time ok?” that sweet smile as she looked at me, that beautiful white dress.

And like that, my adventures as a brothel-goer began
